What's wrong with it?
I became Lord King's Landing
How dare this concubine be on an equal footing with you?
Yunfei, remember
From now on, there will only be one adult in our family
That is the wife
hate
Okay, I asked you where the wedding is going to be held
Me and you have a liar's wedding
Yufei, don't be deceived by this guy
He's not a military monkey at all
He's just a cook in the Zhenbei Army
Now it's because of him
Let the Chu family announce a comprehensive crackdown on the Ye family
Our Ye family's capital chain is about to break
You still have the heart to kiss him here
What? How?
Manager Xiao
You are lying to me.
I didn't lie to you.
It must be Chu Yu who is fanning the flames again
People fanned the flames
In three days, the family will give King's Landing
Lord Hou has held an appearance ceremony
how
Do you have to wait for King's Landing?
Roar's appearance is announced
You can't hold it anymore
I won't give up
debut ceremony
Is that interesting?
Okay, what's the noise?
It's urgent.
It's our Ye family's business, how should we solve it?
Junling
Don't you know that rose-lord?
See if you can give him a call.
Ask him to help our Ye family
Hey, hey, hey.
Do you think that Lord Rose is his sidekick?
If you call and ask someone to help, you can help.
It's not that easy
Excuse me?
Lord Rose is really my sidekick